Okay, so I got a project here. One of my
students is having a problem and he's
saying that he's got a user edit fail. So
let's take a look. See what we got
cooking here. I have not run this at all.
I've just checked it out of GitHub. I had
to check it into GitHub and I forked it
into my repository. And if we can figure
out what's wrong, we'll send him a pull
request with the fix. So it looks like, we
started up normally and I am going to
ramp browser, and pull this over here.
So we can see it. So the side of my
course is a standard tutorial saying you
can't edit the user. So let's go ahead
and try to edit. We'll just change
the first name, so we got a failure there.
So let's take a look.
Request most method POST not supported.
So let's take a closer look. So we're
seeing POST not supported. So let's
take a look at his controller.
So he's got a RequestMapping of that.
Let's see what its form is doing. So what
we need to do is take a look at the Thymeleaf template for user. Show userform.
That looks correct. So he's going to go
against /user. Let's see what I did
here. So you know we're just checking off
that. Hmm..
So he has got /user here and I think
it's because he doesn't have a trailing
/ there. So this can be a little
tricky to set up. Let's try this.
This may or may not work. Let's take a
look. I'll restart that.
What we're seeing is a slight difference
because got the trailing / there. So
we mapped /users, so it's actually
mapped /user/, which is the
problem. Let's take a look see
if that fixed it or not. So we'll do a
refresh here. That's okay. Let's do
this. It meant okay. That was a problem.
So just to recap, what happened there is
this is with the Spring RequestMapping.
So we're setting /user at the top
of the class so that means everything in
this class it's going to get prepended with
/user. And we were going to just
/user and doing a POST and
somebody's in saying RequestMethod to
POST, they would come here, but it was
only map for the slash. So it would have been
it come in /user/ and by
expanding this out and putting an empty
String there, so now it's just /user.
So this will work, in either case here, so
a subtle but important difference in
doing RequestMapping with Spring. This
actually is just pure Spring MVC here and
how the RequestMapping is working. So in
this saveOr?Update method will take the
form POST from Thymeleaf and the reason
we know that is the Thymeleaf mapping is
saying an action of /user. So this
would have worked if he did /user/. That probably would have been got
picked up now. But now, it'll take any
post. So probably a pretty good fixed
form.